A link to my website: http://127.0.0.1:5500/index.html

A link to my Github repo:

Writeup

.What was the most challenging piece of this assignment?  
The most challenging piece is I have a lot of thoughts on designing a nice personal 
web but I dont have the ability to do so

.Did you find it easy or challenging to work with HTML and CSS?  
It's not easy, I need a lot of time to play with HTML and CSS, 
especially CSS, in order to present the my design I wanted to. It's hard for 
beginner like me to present my ideas.

.How long did this overall assignment take you?
I would say 8-10hrs

.What decisions did you make when you made your site mobile friendly?
I make navbar to be vertically presented, and adjust the picture sizes to mobile friendly

.What did you take into account when you developed the design of your website?
I take into account if users can obviously know which page they are looking at, 
and if the users can easily get the point on what I am trying to present on the page,
and also if the content I provided on the page is just what the users need. In addition, I 
will try to make the fonts looking consistent, font colors, and background matching, and etc. 

.Is there anything that you’re particularly proud of?
I am proud of the problem solving process I design the web, whenever I found the pages is wired presenting, I do research and try to present a better way to users, even I think my web has a lot of room to improve. 

.Given more time or resources, what additional features would you add to your site in the future? 
I would want to add a menu icon in the navbar when it come to mobile users. In addition, I want
to present pictures as a circle which correspondents to different things, when user move the mouse to the circle, the picture would look relative transparent, but it will show up a short word telling users the picture can lead you to what kind of link. and etc.

.How many hours did you spend on this assignment?
10hrs 

.If you used code or design from somewhere online, please mention it here.  Furthermore, if you imported a file to use a Fonts or Icons library, please indicate that here as well
I imported Google fonts.
